Character Name: Nahida
Rarity: 5
Description: Also known as Lesser Lord Kusanali, she is the new catalyst user to grace Genshin Impact. Being the archon, or the God of the game's 4th region of Sumeru, the traveler will embroil on their journey to find her in order to search for answers about the whereabouts of your sibling.
Opinion: It's only been a week since her release. But all we can say is that she is a cute bubbly character that'll surely put some smile on our face during your travels!
Character Portrait: 5s1.png;
Character Splash: 5splash1.png;
#
Character Name: Nilou
Rarity: 5
Description: A dancer under the Zubayr Theater, Nilou's dancing is but elegant and graceful however, outside the stage's spotlight, she's just like any girl her age; warm, smiling, and friendly.
Opinion: A very strong niche character that only allows dendro and hydro characters, she is the best unit to fight aoe enemies by triggering bloom reactions
Character Portrait: 5s2.png;
Character Splash: 5splash2.png;
#
Character Name: Dori
Rarity: 4
Description: The owner of The Palace of Alcazarzaray and a merchant of high regard, "Lord Sangemah Bay" is well-known for her ability to obtain anything a person needs, as long as they have enough Mora to afford her jaw-dropping prices.
Opinion: A merchant that loves mora, she is a good electro healer that can help apply reaction, give energy and heal the team with her abilities.
Character Portrait: 4s1.png;
Character Splash: 4splash1.png;
#
Character Name: Layla
Rarity: 4
Description: She is a student in the Rtawahist Darshan, specializing in Theoretical Astrology. Chronically sleep-deprived and of poor health as a result, Layla believes that "The Stars' Blessing" is the reason she wakes from sleepwalking to find her papers fully completed.
Opinion: A sleepy and lovable character that shields your team. She can also be used as a cryo applicator and can trigger cryo reactions with her ult.
Character Portrait: 4s2.png;
Character Splash: 4splash2.png;
#
Character Name: Kuki Shinobu
Rarity: 4
Description: A former shrine maiden of the Grand Narukami Shrine, she is the sidekick of Arataki Itto and Deputy Leader of the Arataki Gang. Due to her professionalism and certifications, Kuki Shinobu has helped the Arataki Gang out of many problems, and has even expanded the gang's business scope outside of the regular mischief and delinquency.
Opinion: A ninja with healing capabilities, she is best used as a hyperbloom carry that can heal as well as give damage due to her triggering dendro reactions to kill enemies.
Character Portrait: 4s3.png;
Character Splash: 4splash3.png;
#


